The one thing I'm sparing you from doing,
I think we mentioned before, is that I'm
not making you write the post logic here
because literally, nothing changed, right?
This is exactly what you
wrote in the last one.
So this is already posting to the server,
we just gotta make the server accepted.
So we have kind of two things
that we need to do here.
One, we need to accept the data.
But there's another fun thing that we need
to do if I have ten people all connected
to the server.
As soon as someone posts to the API,
I wanna immediately inform all of them.
It's like, hey,
I got a new chat message, right?
So that if Mark post something
that I can see it and vice versa.
So we have to inform all those streams.
So up here, you'll see that I have
this connections API for you.
And that's what we're
going to do with that,
we're just gonna keep track of all
the streams that are currently connected.
So whenever a user connects down here,
underneath the right here on line 53,
I'm just gonna say
connections.push stream.
And now, this connections is gonna have
all of my active connections in it.
Then on stream.close, I'm just gonna say,
connections is a sign and
then I'm just gonna filter out.
I'm sure there's a more
efficient way of doing this, but
I'm just gonna say connections.filter.
And I'm just gonna say I called it S here,
S is not equal to stream.
If you're not familiar with functional
programming kind of things, but
basically what we're saying is.
I want you to go and remove whatever
stream is from connections and
then make that the new connections.
So it's just a fast way of
getting stuff out of there.
So if users, 79 here quits,
it's gonna go find connection 79 and
remove that from the active streams and
we'll do that on close.
Okay, and now, I'm kinda guaranteed
whatever is in connections is definitely
going to be all of the active streams.
Yeah, question.
>> My assumption here was
that stream was an object and
we're doing triple quality checks,
comparing objects.
Or am I completely mistaken here?
>> Yeah, so the question is this,
streams is gonna be a bunch of
objects which is a correct assumption.
What triple equals is asking is,
is this literally the same object?
Which will return true, right?
Cuz they both pointed the exact
same object in memory.
It's asking us,
are these the same pointers?
And they are the same pointer.
That answer your question?
It's a good question.
Yeah, thanks for clarifying, I'm sure
that was confusing to other people too.
Yeah, typically, You're doing numbers or
stream comparisons, right?
Which that's normally you're
gonna use triple equals for,
but occasionally it is
actually useful to say.
Am I literally pointing at the same object
here, which is what this actually does.
Okay, so inside here where it says
some code goes here, under request,
now we have to handle these posts.
So the first thing we're gonna
do is we're gonna say, msg
.push user, text, time, date.now.
Down here, we're gonna say res.end, right?
Cuz we're gonna say, hey, user,
I got all the information from
you everything's all good.
I mean, you could send back a status,
okay here, but really,
we're not sending any
information back to the user.
We're just acknowledging, okay,
A-okay, I got your posts.
And then we're gonna say connections
.forEach or you can do a for
loop here however you wanna do it.
I'm gonna say stream And
then we're just gonna say stream.write
JSON.stringify getMessages.
I mean it's literally
the same line as this, right?
The exact same thing that we write to them
the first time we're just gonna say, cool,
I got a new message.
Here's the new batch of them and
we're just gonna write that out to all
the connected users at the moment.
Now, again, it might be useful to have
a front end and a back end that were
a little bit smarter rather than just
dumping out all of the current messages.
We could say, all right, here's the new
ones that you haven't seen yet, right, and
we can make those packets smaller.
But for simplicity's sake,
this is a good way of doing it.
Okay, so Refresh So
there's that and again, https, and
I think this one's on
8080 instead of 3000.
The reason why I changed to those ports on
you is cuz I wanted you to make sure that
you're on https cuz I know
it's gonna confuse someone.
So now I have two clients here open, And
this one's gonna say marc And
hit submit and
then I'm gonna go over here and you can
see here it is immediately reflected.
And then we can probably even just
split these up so you can see them.
And you can see here, we're immediately
getting in on both sides, right?
I think it's pretty cool stuff, right?
So this is HTTP/2 and it's really
not any more complicated than that.
We do kinda have to hack around
it a little bit, cuz again,
it's not particularly made
with this use case in mind.
But just so you know at LinkedIn, we use
this quite a bit in terms of just opening
a long running connection with people and
sending them information.
Yeah, they use it quite
heavily at LinkedIn.
So if you wanna go see how a company does
it, just go poke around LinkedIn.com.
And you can see they do it everywhere,
or at least they did when I was there,
might be changed after some years
of not being there, probably.
All right, any questions about HTTP/2?
This is the end of this section, we're
gonna get into WebSockets after this.
Yeah, go ahead.
>> This might be a very trivial syntax
type a question, but I noticed that
we were using colon for some of the
methods on the header, or headers object.
Is that symbols also in JavaScript,
or is that just syntax?
>> It is where is it,
somewhere in here, right?
Like this one, right?
So the question is why
are using colons there?
And the answer is cuz that's what
they give it back to you as.
I think they're just special characters,
also there's special headers, right?
They're actually not technically
in the header, right?
The method is not part of
the headers per se, right?
But in any case,
it's just what node calls it.
They're not symbols to
answer your question, so
that would be like a new symbol,
Right, it's not one of these, right?
Which is a totally separate concept.
This is just a magic stream that
if you want the path back and
99% of the time express
is handling this for you.
So you don't have to actually know
that this is what this is called but
if you're actually directly using HTTP/2,
or
there's another one here
that's called http as well.
It's the same thing just for
1.1, that's what they call it.
So, to answer your question fully,
just because,
this is really just the answer to that.
Good question, other questions?
>> Will chunk be valid
JSON when it streaming?
JSON when it's streaming?
So let's see if I can find I think
it's this part here that we're
getting back from or
really is this the reader response?
Kind of an open question,
that's why I put a try catch here.
I really didn't try
the border cases of this.
What happens if chunk is actually so big.
Let's say you're sending
huge amounts of JSON.
It, might break that up
across multiple chunks and
that I don't know I actually did not try.
In which case you would just kinda have
to have a little bit more logic around.
Give me everything until I have
valid JSON and then parse it.
We're definitely gonna run into that
in WebSockets, I know that's a problem.
So that's always the question here and
that's always why I put it
anytime I do JSON.parse from API.
Just put it in a try catch,
cuz there's always a good chance that
something gets messed up somewhere.
But this is not guaranteed
to be valid JSON, right?
Which is why we're gonna be kind
of defensive about it here.